License for NeoDataType Software

This license governs use of the accompanying software ('Software'), and your
use of the Software constitutes acceptance of this license.

You may use the Software for any commercial or noncommercial purpose,
including distributing derivative works.

In return, we simply require that you agree:
1. Not to remove any copyright or other notices from the Software. 
2. That you have to explicitly declare in the about box or splash screen
   of your application that you are using NeoDataType Software indicating 
   also a web link to www.neodatatype.net.
3. That if you distribute the Software form you do so only under this 
   license (i.e. you must include a complete copy of this license
   with your distribution).
4. That the Software comes "as is", with no warranties. None whatsoever.
   This means no express, implied or statutory warranty, including without
   limitation, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular
   purpose or any warranty of title or non-infringement. Also, you must pass
   this disclaimer on whenever you distribute the Software or derivative
   works.
5. That no contributor to the Software will be liable for any of those types
   of damages known as indirect, special, consequential, or incidental
   related to the Software or this license, to the maximum extent the law
   permits, no matter what legal theory it’s based on. Also, you must pass
   this limitation of liability on whenever you distribute the Software or
   derivative works.
6. That if you sue anyone over patents that you think may apply to the
   Software for a person's use of the Software, your license to the Software
   ends automatically.
7. That the patent rights, if any, granted in this license only apply to the
   Software, not to any derivative works you make.
8. That your rights under this License end automatically if you breach it in
   any way.
9. That all rights not expressly granted to you in this license are reserved.
